Chicken Salad
#§§ Recipe courtesy of Food Network Kitchen
Level: Easy Total: 30 min Active: 30 min Yield: 4 servings
Ingredients:
* 4 cups diced poached chicken, recipe folbows.
1 stalk celery. cut into 1/4-inch dice
4 scallions, trimmed and thinly sliced or
1,/4 cup sweet onion cut into 1/4-inch
dice
« 1 172 teaspoons finely chopped fresh tarragon or fresh dill
= 2 tsblespoons finely chopped parsley
* 1 cup prepared or homemade maysnnaisa
= 2 teaspoons strained freshly squeezed lemon juice
« 1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
» 2 teaspoons kosher salt
Freshly ground black pepper
POACHED CHICKEN FOR SALADS:
= 10 sprigs parsbey
= 2 sprigs frash thyme « 1 small onion, halved * 1 small carrot, hakved
= 1 stalk celery. hahved
« 3 pounds bone-in, skin-on chicken breasts halves, fat trimmed
* 5 to § cups chicken brath, homemade or low-sodium store bought
Directions:
1 Toss together the chicken. celery, scallions, dill and parsley in a large bowl.
2 In asmall bowl, whisk togather the mayonnaise, lemaon juice, mustard, salt and pepper to taste. Add to the chicken and mix gently until combined. Refrigarate until ready to serva.
POACHED CHICKEN FOR SALADS:
Yield: 4 cups cubed chicken or 4 to 6 servings

3 Put the parsley, thyme. onion, carrot, celery. and chicken breastsina
medium saucepan. Cover with the broth, and bring just to a boil. Lower the heat to very low and cover. Poach the chicken until firm to the touch, about 20 minutes. Remove the pan from the hieat, uncover and cool the chicken in the [iquid for 30 minutes.
Transfer the chicken to a cutting board and reserve the liquid. Bone and skin the chicken and roughly chop the meat inte about 1-inch pieces. Discard the bones and skin.
Strain the broth and store, covered, in the refrigerator for 3 days or freaze for later use. Remove any fat from the surface of the broth befora using.
Cook's Note
Serve on a bed of lettuce with sliced tomatoes, in half an avocade or in a chicken club sandwich made with artisanal bread, crispy smoked bacon, vine-ripened tomatoes and lettuce.


Serving suggestion: bacon is optional
$1.45/4 servingsonce upon a chef 
WITH JENN SEGAL
