Chicken Quesadillas and Pico de Gallo
1 box (4.6 oz) Old El Paso™ taco shells (12 shells)

2. In 10-inch nonstick skillet, cook beef over medium-high heat 5 to 7 minutes, stirring frequently, until thoroughly cooked; drain. Stir in water and taco seasoning mix; heat tc boiling. Reduce heat; simmer uncovered 3 to 4 minutes, stirring frequently, until thickened.

@ 1 lb lean (at least 80%) ground beef

(%) 2/3 cup water

1 package (1 oz) Old El Paso™ taco seasoning mix

Servings suggestion: make all the fillings for taco or serve with guacamole
54.50/ 8 servings

1. Heat taco shells as directed on box.

3. Spoon beef into taco shells.Chicken Quesadillas 
by Ree Drummond

Ingredients:
12 large flour tortillas
2 tablespoons olive oil
2 1/2 cups grated cheese (Monterey Jack is the best) 2 pounds skinless chicken breasts
Pico de Gallo, for serving, recipe follows
Salt and pepper
2 tablespoons taco or Cajun seasoning mix
1 large onion, cut in half and then into slices
1 green bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips
1 yellow bell pepper
12 tablespoons butter, for frving

Pico de Gallo:
12 Roma tomatoes (slightly under ripe is fine) 3 yellow or red onions
2 cups fresh cilantro leaves
2 to 3 jalapenos
1 lime
Salt @\} pa

ae 1Directions:Heat 1 tablespoon of the olive oil in a skillet over high heat. Sprinkle the chicken with salt, pepper and taco seasoning. Add the chicken to the skillet and saute over medium-high heat until done, about 4 minute per side. Remove from the skillet and dice into cubes. Sct aside. 
Add the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil to the skillet over high heat. Throw in the onions and peppers and cook until the peppers have a few dark brown/black areas, 3 to 4 minutes. Remove and set aside.
Sizzle 1/2 tablespoon of the butter in a separate skillet or griddle over medium heat and lay a flour tortilla in the skillet. Then build the quesadillas by layimng grated cheese on the bottom tortilla, and then arranging the chicken and cooked peppers. Top with a little more grated cheese and top with a second tortilla.
When the tortilla 1s golden on the first side, carefully flip the quesadilla to the other side, adding another 1/2 tablespoon butter to the skillet at the same time. Continue cooking until the second side is golden. Repeat with the remaining tortillas and fillings.
Cut cach quesadilla into wedges and serve with Pico de Gallo.
Pico de Gallo
Dice up equal quantities of tomatoes and onions. Roughly chop the cilantro.
Now, slice 1 or 2 jalapenos in half. With a spoon, scrape out the seeds. (IF you like things spicy, leave in some of the white membranes.) Dice the jalapenos very finely; vou want a hint of heat
and jalapeno flavor, but you don't want to cause any fires. Now dump the four ingredients into a4 howl.

Shice the me in hall and squeeze the juiee from half the lime into the bowl. Sprinkle with salt, and stir together until combined. Be sure to taste the pico de gallo and adjust the scasonings, adding salt or more diced jalapeno if needed.

Serving suggestion: make guacamole or salsa
54.50/6 servingsOven Fried Steak 
