Chicken Parmesan
Recipe Prep Time: 10 minutes Cook Time: 25 minutes  Total Time: 35 minutes
Classic Chicken Parmesan recipe with parmesan-crusted tender chicken, topped with marinara and cheese. Chicken Parm is an easy, excellent chicken dinner.
Author: Natasha of NatashasKitchen.com Skill Level: Easy/Medium
Cost to Make: $18-$24
Keyword: chicken parmesan
Cuisine: Italian
Course: Main Course
Calories: 499 kcal
Servings: 4 people
Ingredients

2 chicken breasts (large), about 11/2 |bs
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1tsp salt
1/2 tsp black pepper
2 large eggs beaten until frothy
1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs
1/2 cup parmesan cheese shredded or grated 2 Thsp Light olive oil to sauté
24 oz marinara sauce
4 0z mozzarella cheese (1 cup shredded)
1 Thsp fresh basil or parsley, chopped for optional garnish
Instructions
1
Trim chicken breasts and slice in half length-wise so you end up with 4 equal-thickness cutlets.* Season with salt and pepper.
. In a shallow bowl, stir together 1/2 cup flour, 1 tsp salt, and 1/2 tsp black pepper. In a second bowl, whisk 2 eggs until
frothy. In a third bowl, stir together 1/2 cup Italian bread crumbs with 1/2 cup parmesan cheese.
. Dip both sides of each chicken cutlet into the flour, tapping off excess, then dip in beaten eggs, letting excess egg drip off
and finally dip into the cheesy breadcrumbs, pressing cutlets into breading to ensure a thick, even coating of crumbs.
. Heat a large non-stick pan over medium heat and add enough olive oil to lightly coat the bottom of the pan. Once oil is
hot, add chicken in batches (don't crowd the pan), sautéing 3-4 min per side or until golden brown and just cooked through.
. Pour 112 cups of marinara into a 9x13 casserole baking dish. Arrange chicken over sauce in a single layer. Top each
chicken down the center with remaining 1 1/2 cups marinara, then cover with shredded mozzarella. Bake uncovered at 425°F for 15 minutes or until cheese is melted and sauce is bubbling. Garnish with chopped parsley or basil if desired.
Recipe Notes
*Cook's Tip: For large chicken breasts, pound your chicken between plastic wrap into even 1/3"-thick cutlets.

Serving suggestion: make penne pasta or anytime of pasta

$4.50-6.00/4 servings
