Creamy Garlic Butter Shrimp Piccata 
Creamy Garlic Butter Shrimp Piccata is the recipe of your dreams! Garlic butter shrimp coated in a rustic creamy garlic parmesan sauce with a hint of lemon, capers and spinach! Leave people wondering if there is a hidden chef in your kitchen! Quick and easy to make, ready on the table in less than 15 minutes!

Prep Time Cook Time Total Time 10 mins 10 mins 20 mins

4.85 from 13 votes

Course: Dinner  Cuisine: American  Servings: 4 people  Calories: 427kcal Author: Karina
Ingredients * 1tablespoon unsalted butter e 6 cloves garlic minced * 1pound (500 grams) shrimp, tails on or off * 1tablespoon olive oil e 1small brown shallot e 1/2 cup dry white wine*® e 11/2 cups reduced fat cream** e 3Salt and pepper, to taste s 3 cups baby spinach e 1/2 cup fresh grated Parmesan cheese e 1teaspoon cornstarch (mixed with 1 tablespoon of water) e 4 tablespoons fresh chopped parsley e 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice, adjust to your tastes e 4 tablespoons rinsed and drained capers e Lemon slices, to serve Fresh chopped parsley (extra), to garnish
Instructions
1. Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Melt the butter and add in the garlic and fry until fragrant (about one minute). Add in the shrimp and fry two minutes on each side, until just cooked through and pink. Transfer to a bowl; set aside.
2. Fry the onion in the butter remaining in the skillet. Pour in the white wine (if using), and allow to reduce to half, while scraping any bits off of the bottom of the pan.
3. Reduce heat to low-medium heat, add the cream and bring to a gentle simmer, while stirring occasionally. Season with salt and pepper to your taste.
4. Add in the spinach leaves and allow to wilt in the sauce, then add in the parmesan cheese and allow sauce to gently simmer for a further minute or so until the cheese melts through the sauce. (For a thicker sauce, add the milkfcornstarch mixture to the centre of the pan, and continue to simmer while quickly stirring the mixture through until the sauce thickens.)
5. Add the shrimp back into the pan along with the lemon juice, capers and parsley; stir through. Take off the heat and serve immediately with lemon slices and extra parsley to garnish (if desired).
6. Serve over pasta, rice or steamed vea.
Notes *Use a good quality dry white wine such as a pinot griot or chardonnay.
White wine can also be substituted for chicken broth or left out completely. The flavour in the sauce will be altered.
**| use reduced fat cream (or light cream) for this recipe. Substitute with half and half if you wish, being careful not to bring the sauce to a boil or it may curdle. You can also use evaporated milk as a low calorie substitution.
Heavy or thickened cream may also be used and will not require thickening with cornstarch. Allow cream to reduce in a gentle simmer until thickened to your liking.


Serving suggestion: serve as is52.45/ 4 servings   
