Easy Chicken Fajitas 
ok 4k ok
This easy recipe comes from eight-year-old Dani Shaub, who loves making these juicy chicken fajitas. She based the recipe on the ingredient list from a packet of fajita seasoning and likes that it involves lots of slicing (one of her favorite cooking tasks). Bonus: "everyone
Total: 30 mins Yield: 4

gets to participate and pick their own toppings," she says. They're great for kid and adult cooks. More Quick Mexican Dishes
Ingredients
1 teaspoon pure chile powder 1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin 1/2 teaspoon onion powder 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1/4 cup water
3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 whole skinless, boneless chicken breast (about 1 pound), cut into 1/2-inch strips
1 green bell pepper—cored, seeded and cut into thin strips
1 medium onion, thinly sliced
2 tablespoons fresh lime juice, plus lime wedges for serving
8 flour tortillas, warmed in the microwave
Shredded lettuce, shredded cheddar cheese, salsa and sour cream, for serving
Directions
Step 1
In a resealable plastic bag, combine the chile powder with the salt, cumin, onicn powder, garlic powder, cornstarch, water and 2 tablespoons of the oil. Add the chicken, bell pepper and onion, seal and knead gently to coat. Refrigerate for 15 minutes.
Step 2
Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in a large nonstick skillet until shimmering. Empty the contents of the bag into the skillet and cook over high heat, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are crisp-tender and the chicken is cooked through, about 6 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in the lime juice.
Step 3 Transfer the chicken and vegetables to a large bowl and serve with the warmed tortillas, lettuce, cheese, salsa, sour cream and lime wedges.
Suggested Pairing
When it comes to pairing wine and fajitas—a situation that might occur for some people only after every last margarita on earth had been drained—here's a general thought. Fajitas, which are typically served with onions, grilled bell peppers, cheese, pico de gallo, possibly guacamole, maybe sour cream and who knows what other fixings, fall into the broad pairing category of “It isn't the meat, it's the sauce (or condiments).” Essentially, you're picking a wine to go with a mass of wildly different flavors. So you want one that goes with, more or less, anything. There's also a general pairing rule of thumb that suggests matching weight with weight —with a delicate piece of sole, pour a lighter wine; with something like a fajita, pour a wine with more heft. It's a handy guideline, especially when you don't want to think about nuances of flavor.With fajitas, following these two guidelines, there are a number of reds out there that would work just fine—Monastrell from Spain, Malbec from Argentina, a Grenache-based red from the South of France—but from California, go for Zinfandel.

© Copyright 2021 foodandwine.com. All rights reserved. Printed from https://www.foodandwine.com 05/06/2021

Serving suggestion: server with tortilla

53.45/4 servings
