Easy Baked Coconut Shrimp 
TOTAL TIME: 30 mins COURSE: Appetizer CUISINE: American These Easy Baked Cocanut Shrimp are crisp, golden and delicious served a sweet and spicy apricot
dipping sauce. Sef these out on a platter in front of some hungry guests and | guarantee they will disappear!!
Ingredients
11b 24 large raw shrimp, peeled and deviened (weight after peeled) 1/2 cup + 1 tbsp shredded sweetened coconut
1/2 cup + 1 tbsp panko crumbs (or gluten-free panko)
2 tbsp all purpose or gluten-free flour (you will only use 1 thsp)
1 large egg
pinch salt
non-stick spray (| used my misto)

YIELD: 8 servings
5 from 22 votes
For the Sweet and Spicy Dipping Sauce:
« 1/2 cup apricot preserves (you can use sugar free if you wish) « 1 thsp rice wine vinegar « 3/4 tsp crushed red pepper flakes
Instructions Oven Method:
For the sauce, combine all the ingredients and place in a small bowl.
Preheat oven to 425°F. Spray a non-stick baking sheet with cooking spray.
Combine coconut flakes, panko crumbs and salt in a bowl.
Place the flour on a small dish. Whisk egg in ancther bowl.
Lightly season shrimp with salt. Dip the shrimp in the flour, shaking off excess, then into the egg, then in the coconut crumb mixture.
ey o B N
Lay shrimp on the cookie sheet then spray the top of the shrimp with more cooking spray; bake in the middle rack for about 10 minutes. Turn shrimp over then cook another 6-7 minutes or until cooked though. Remove from oven and serve with dipping sauce.
Air Fryer Method:
For the sauce, combine all the ingredients and place in a small bowl.
Preheat air fryer to 375°F. Spray a non-stick baking sheet with cooking spray.
Combine coconut flakes, panko crumbs and salt in a bowl.
Place the flour on a small dish. Whisk egg in another bowl.
Lightly season shrimp with salt. Dip the shrimp in the flour, shaking off excess, then into the egg, then in the coconut crumb mixture. Lay shrimp on the cookie sheet then spray both sides of the shrimp with more cooking spray.
Spray the air fryer basket and cook the shrimp, in 2 batches, 4 minutes on one side, turn cook 2 minutes (6 min total). Repeat with the remaining shrimp. Serve with dipping sauce.
Serving: 3shrimp, 1 tbsp sauce, Calories: 1681.5keal, Carbohydrates: 224, Protein: 10g, Fat: 3.5g, Sodium: 164mg, Fiber: 29, Sugar: 15.59 Blue Smart Points: 5 Green Smart Points: 6  Purple Smart Points: §  Points +: 4
ol g B T 3

Serving suggestion: make any type of sauce

$10/8 servings
