Egg Roll Recipe
Prep Time: 30 minutes Cook Time: 45 minutes  Total Time: 1 hour 15 minutes
These homemade eqg rolls are super crispy and way better than takeout. This makes a big batch of pork egg rolls which is perfect for meal planning. They freeze and reheat really well.
Author: Natasha Kravchuk
Skill Level: Easy/Medium
Cost to Make: $18-522 Keyword: egg rolls, pork egg roll Cuisine: Asian, Chinese Course: Appetizer
Calories: 130 kcal
Servings: 40 egq rolls

Ingredients
40 frozen egg roll or spring roll wrappers (8"x8"), thawed* 3 oz vermicelli rice noodles (Chinese angel hair rice sticks) 11b ground pork
8 0z mushrooms brown or white
1 medium onion finely chopped
2 medium carrots grated or cut into matchsticks
4 cups green cabbage thinly sliced
2 tsp salt or to taste, (divided)
1/2 tsp black pepper or to taste
112 Thsp soy sauce
1 tsp sesame oil
Peanut oil or Canola Qil for frying (2-3 inches of oil)
1 eqgqg (beaten) for sealing eggrolls
Instructions
1. Place noodles in a large heatproof bowl and pour steaming hot water over the noodles. Separate the noodles by pulling them apart with forks and let it rest 5-7 minutes to soften until tender. Rinse with cold water to cool them down then drain really well. Chop the rice noodles to about 1-inch pieces on a cutting board and transfer to a large mixing bowl.
2. Place a deep skillet over mediumjfhigh heat. Add 1 Thsp il and saute ground pork until cooked through and season with 1/2 tsp salt. Transfer to the mixing bow! with noodles.
3. In the same skillet, add 2 Thsp oil, sliced mushrooms, diced onions, and shredded carrots. Sautee until softened (5-6 minutes) then add 4 cups cabbage and sautee just until wilted (2 minutes). Season with 1/2 tsp salt and transfer to the mixing bowl with the noodles.
4. Season egg roll mixture with 1tsp salt, 1/2 tsp black pepper, 11/2 Tbhsp soy sauce, and 1tsp sesame oil. Since the filling is fully cooked, taste it, and add more seasoning to taste. Drain any excess liquid from the filling if present.
5. Peel back 1 egg roll wrapper and place it in a triangle shape on a clean work surface. Keep remaining egg roll wrappers covered with a damp paper towel to keep them from drying out. Add 1/4 cup of filling onto the bottom third of the wrapper.
6. Fold the bottom corner over the filling and tuck underneath. Roll tightly towards the center then fold in the sides, roll again
then brush the last flap lightly with beaten egg and roll to seal. Repeat with remaining egg rolls. Keep the formed egq rolls covered with plastic wrap so they don't dry out.
7. Heat oil in a dutch oven or fryer to 350°F. Fry 5-7 egg rolls at a time for 5-6 minutes or until golden brown and crispy. Egg rolis should sizzle when they are in the oil. Keep the temperature of the oil between 340-350°F while frying. Transfer to a wire rack and cool 15 minutes before serving with your favorite sauce.
Recipe Notes
*Thaw packaged egg roll wrappers at room temperature 45 minutes before using. We recommend frozen brands like "Spring Home" "Wei Chuan" or "Little Chef." We found them in our local Asian market store. MNutrition Disclosure: oil content is estimated at 1 tsp oil per egg roll.

Serving suggestion: serve with homemade Chinese food51.25/40 servings 
