Fried Calamari
Recipe courtesy of Giada De Laurentiis

Show: Everyday Italian Episode: italian Restaurant Classics
. i - Level: Intermediate Directions: Total: 30 min Prep: 10 min 1 Pour anough oil inta a heavy ) large saucepan o reach the Cook: 20 min depth of 3 inches. Heat over
medium heat to 350 degrees F. Mix the flour, parsley, salt, and
. epperin a larga bowl. Worki Ingl.ed-lentS: :‘I :!rpnall trab:hrf: toss the sqﬁ into the flour mixture to coat. Carafully add the sguid to the oil and fry until crisp and very pale golden, about 1 minute per batch. Using tongs or a slotted spoon, transfer the fried calamari to a paper-towel lined plate to drain.
Yield: 6 servings

= Vegetable oil, for deep-frying = 1 pound clean squid with tentacles, bodies cut into 1/3- o 1/2-inch-thick
rings = 2 cups all-purpose flour £ Place the fried catamari and lemon wedges on a clean plate. Sprinkle » 2 tablespoons dried parsley with salt. Serve with the marinara sauce.
= Salt and freshly ground black peppar y = 2 lamons, cut into wedges SImple Tomato Sauce: * 1 cup simple tomato sauce, recips follows Yield: 6 cups
or jarred marinara sauce, warrnad 2 _ In a large cassercle pol, heat oil over madium high heat. Add onion and SImple Tumatu Sau‘ce. garlic and saute until soft and translucent, about 5 to 10 minutes. Add * 1/2 cup axtra-virgin olive oil celery and carrots and season with salt and pepper. Saute until all the vagetables are soft, about 5 te 10 minutes. Add tomatoes and bay leaves and simmer uncovered on lbow heat for 1 hour o until thick. Remove bay heaves and check for seasoning. If sauce still tastes acidic, add unsalted butter, 1 tablespoon at a time to rownd out the Ravors.
= 1 small enion. chopped = 2 cloves gardic, chopped = 1 stalk celary, chopped = 1 carrol, chopped
* Sea salt and freshly ground black pepper 4 Add 142 the tomato sauce into the bowl of a food processor. Process = 2 (32-ounce) cans crushed tomatoes until smosth. Continue with remaining tomato sauce.
= 2 dried bay leaves
« 4 tablaspoons unsalted butter, optional 5 If not using all the sauce, allow it to cool completely and pour 1 to 2 cup
portions into freezer plastic bags. This will freeze up to & months.

age 1

Serving suggestion: server with tomato sauce

$12.50/6 servings

P -89allrecipes 
