Healthier Sausage Gravy and Biscuits 
Biscuits and Gravy are classic comfort food. Now, with this low-fat version, you can enjoy your favorite without by-pass surgery. One biscuit (two halves) plus sausage gravy goes from 540 calories to 216 (60% lower). The fat drops from 34 grams to only 3 (over 90% lower)—amazing.

Prep Time Cook Time Total Time 5 mins 20 mins 25 mins

Course: Breakfast Cuisine: American  Servings: 8 servings  Calories: 216keal Author: Dan Mikesell AKA DrDan
Ingredients
Low-Fat Biscuits 2 cups AP flour
:] 1 tablespoon baking powder Y2 teaspoon baking soda Y2 teaspoon salt
j 1 % cup non-fat yogurt
Gravy :l Yz pound turkey breakfast sausage :| 2 cups skim milk :| % cup AP flour 1 teaspoon seasoning salt | used Lowery's % Y2 teaspoon pepper or to taste

Instructions 1. Preheat the oven to 400° convection or 425° conventional oven.
2. Combine 2 cups AP flour, 1 tablespoon baking powder, 2 teaspoon baking soda, 2 teaspoon salt—mix well. Add 1 % cup nonfat yogurt. Fold in until all dry is incorporated.
- Make eight drop biscuits on a PAM sprayed baking pan. . Bake until golden brown—about 12 minutes.
. While biscuits are baking, brown %2 pound of turkey breakfast sausage.
o U & W
. Whisk together % cup flour with 2 cups skim milk. | used a Tupperware shaker. Slowly add the milk-flour mixture to the sausage over medium heat while whisking or mixing continuously.
7. Continue to mix, and this will start thickening in a few minutes. Add one teaspoon seasoning salt and ¥ teaspoon pepper {or to taste). Simmer another 5-10 minutes.
8. Server over biscuits cut in half.
Notes Pro Tips 1. Use zero fat ingredients - milk and yogurt. And the lowest fat turkey sausage possible. 2. Exact nutrition varies by the ingredients you use. 3. You can use Greek yogurt, but there will be more of a yogurt taste and may need a bit of milk added since it is less moist. 4. The serving is calculated with one biscuit cut in half and about 4 cup of gravy. If you want to use a more generous ¥ cup, then the calories only increase by 45 calories. 5. Use aluminum-free baking powder to prevent a metallic after-taste. 6. Store biscuits at room temperature air-tight for 2-3 days. They are very crumbly after that. 7. Store the gravy refrigerated for 3-4 days or frozen for 3-4 months.
i1y Make it Perfect First Time and Every Time W™ Don't miss out, check the full post. Almost every recipe includes easy step by step photo
instructions so you can visualize yourself cooking this recipe along with helpful tips and options.Serving suggestion: server as is 
52.45/8 servings
