Kitchen Sink Cookies (Panera Copycat) 
Filled with chocolate, caramel, and crushed pretzels, these Kitchen Sink Cookies are a Panera Bread copycat and the perfect blend of salty and sweet. One of these jumbo cookies is plenty to share, but you probably won't want to!

3
Ak sk

® Course Dessert S ! 4,67 from 9 votes ® Cuisine American % Keyword everything but the kitchen sink cookies, kitchen sink cookies, panera copycat & Prep Time 15 minutes - Cook Time 9 minutes a Total Time 24 minutes ¥{ servings 12 cookies EX Calories 481keal g Author Melissa Williams Ingredients
3/4 cup butter cubed
1 1/2 cups light brown sugar
1large egg
1 large egg yolk
1 Tablespoon vanilla extract
2 1/2 cups all purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
Y2 teaspoon salt
6 oz dark chocolate chopped (about 1 cup) Y2 cup Werther's original caramels chopped into small pieces % cup crushed pretzels
sea salt
Instructions
1.
Preheat the oven to 350° and line two baking sheets with silicone mats or parchment paper. Set aside.
. In a medium microwave safe bowl, add the cubed butter and brown sugar. Microwave for
30 seconds, stir, then repeat until fully combined. Let sit for approximately 5 minutes to cool.
While cooling, in a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, and salt.
. Once the butter mixture has slightly cooled, stir in the egg, egg yolk, and vanilla. . Pour the wet mixture into the dry ingredients and stir to fully combine.
. Pour in the chopped chocolate, chopped caramels, and crushed pretzels ad stir to evenly
distribute.
. To make jumbo cookies, scoop 3 Tablespoons of dough, roll into a ball, place on the
prepared baking sheet and sprinkle with sea salt - 4 cookies per baking sheet. Bake for 9 minutes or until edges are browned and centers are set. Remove from oven and let fully cool on the pan.
. To make regular sized cookies, use a medium (1.5 Tb) cookie scoop, roll into a ball, place
on the prepared baking sheet and sprinkle with sea salt - 12 cookies per baking sheet. Bake for 8 minutes or until edges are browned and centers are set. Remove from oven and let fully cool on the pan.
Notes | use a Trader Joe's 72% Pound chocolate bar to chop up. Chocolate chips can also be used.Serving suggestion: have as is $1.20/12 servings 
