Morton’s Crab Cakes 
QERVINGS 6 servings
[ngredients | pound fresh lump crabmeat (about 3 cupe loogely packed)
[ Cup bread crumbs (Note 1)
[ large egg
8 Tablespoone Mustard-Mayonnaice Sauce (Note 2) | Tablegpoon chopped frech curly-leaf parcley
[ Teagpoon Dijon Mustard
/2. Teagpoon Worcegtershire Sauce
[/4 Teagpoon Tabagco cauce
6 Tablespoong Olive Oil (or clarified butter, melted)
[nstructions [ Dreheat oven to 450°F. 2. Drain the crabmeat and put in a medium bowl. Pick through the erabmeat to remove
any bite of ehell, if necessary. Add the bread erumbe and gently togg until combined. 3. [n a emall bowl, whisk together the eqg, 2 tablegpoon of Mustard-Mayonnaise sauce,
the parsley, mustard and Worcestershire and Tabageo gauceg. Pour thie mixture over
the crabmeat. Using a rubber gpatula, gently fold the egg mixture into the crabmeat.
. Divide the crabmeat into gix equal portione, each meaguring /2. cup. Gently form each portion of crabmeat into ball a ball and flatten into a -ineh thick cake.
. But the oil (or butter)in a 7” x II” ovenproof dich and then put the crab cakes in the pan. Bake for 7-8 minuteg, or until golden brown on the bottom. Gently turn the crab cakeg and bake for 7-& minuteg longer, or until the eakeg are golden brown on both cides and cooked through. Serve with the remaining © tablespoone of MustardMayonnaige Sauce on the gide.
Note l: Bread Crumbe (If you want to make your own bread crumbe) 
- 8 oz firm white bread
- 5 teagpoone minced garlic
- 2 teagpoong minced shallot
- 2 teagpoone chopped frech curly-leaf pargley - Qalt and freghly ground pepper

| Qlice the cruste from the bread and then cut the bread into large chunke. Discard the crusts or regerve them for another uge.
2. In the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade, grind the bread to fine crumbg. Trangfer the erumbe to a mixing bowl.
Dat the garlic and shallot dry with a paper towel. Add to the bread crumbe and toge to
mix. Add the parcley, toee and eeagon o taste with ealt & pepper. Mix well. Use right
away or store the bread crumbs in tightly covered container for up to 2 hours.
Note 2: Mustad-Mayonnaise Sauce - [1/2 eupe mayonnaige
- 3 Tablegpoong Dijon mustard
- 3/4 teagpoon Worcestershire sauce
- |-/ teagpoong prepared horgeradich

. [n mixing bowl, stir together add ingredients . Whisk with a wire whigk until lightened and smooth. 2. Uge immediately or transfer to a lidded container and refrigerate for up to 5 dayge.

Serving suggestion: have as is
$25.00/6 servings
