Pierogi Recipe Prep Time: 1 hour 30 minutes Cook Time: 30 minutes Total Time: 2 hours
Pierogi filled with cheesy potatoes, tossed with crisp bacon and melted butter and served with sour cream is the ultimate comfort food.
Author: Natasha of NatashasKitchen.com Skill Level: Medium
Cost to Make: $10
Keyword: Pierogi, Pierogi Recipe
Cuisine: Russian, Ukrainian
Course: Main Course
Calories: 246 kcal
Servings: 12 servings (5 pierogi per serving)
Ingredients Ingredients for Potato Filing:
2 Ibs russet potatoes (5 medium), peeled 1/2 tsp salt
2 Thsp butter melted
2 oz cream cheese softened
3/4 cup mozzarella cheese shredded
For the Pierogi Dough:
1 cup warm water
1/4 cup whole milk
2 Thsp sour cream
1 large egg
1 tsp salt (plus more for cooking)
4 cups all-purpose flour measured correctly*
For the Toppings (For 1/3 batch):
4 0z bacon chopped 2 Thsp butter Sour Cream to serve

Instructions How to Make Potato Cheese Filling:
1. Place potatoes in a pot, add enough water to cover potatoes then bring to a boil over medium/high and continue cooking 25 minutes or until easily pierced with a fork. Drain and cool 5 minutes then mash potatoes.
2. Mash in 1/2 tsp salt, 2 Tbhsp melted butter and 2 0z cream cheese. Mash in 3/4 cup shredded mozzarella cheese. Partially cover and set aside while rolling out the dough.
To Make Pierogi Dough:
1. In the bowl of a stand mixer (or large mixing bowl if mixing by hand), whisk together 1 cup warm water, 1/4 cup milk, 2 Thsp sour cream, 1 egg and 1 tsp salt until blended.
2. Using dough hook attachment, add 2 cups flour and mix on speed 2 until incorporated. Add remaining flour 1/2 cup at a time, letting it incorporate before adding more. Add the last bit of flour 1 Tbsp at a time just until dough no longer sticks to sides of the bowl. Knead on speed 2 or by hand for 10 minutes.
How to Mold Pierogi:
1. Divide dough into 2 pieces. Cover the second piece with the mixing bowl and thinly roll the first piece out onto a floured surface to just under 1/8" thickness.
2. Use a 3" diameter round cookie cutter to cut circles from the dough, keeping them as close as possible (collect scraps and place under the bowl to re-use). Add 1/2 Tbsp of potatoes over each round.
3. To form pierogi, pull the 2 edges together and pinch tightly to seal. To ensure a tight seal, crimp the edges a second time with a pinch and twist motion. Cook or freeze pierogi for a future dinner (see freezing instructions in post).
How to Make Bacon Topping:
1. Make the topping before boiling pierogi so it's ready to drizzle over pierogi to prevent sticking. In a medium skillet, saute 4 oz chopped bacon. Once crisp, melt in 2 Thsp butter and remove from heat.
How to Cook Pierogi:
1. Bring a pot of water to a rolling boil and add 1 Thsp salt. Add fresh or frozen pierogi. Once they are floating and water is back to a boil, cook additional 3-5 minutes or until dough is very tender. Remove to a bowl with a slotted spoon drizzling buttery bacon between layers.
Recipe Notes
This recipe makes 55-60 pierogi, based on how thinly you roll.
Serving suggestion: serve with caramelized onion and cut up sausage

$1.20/12 servings 
