Ricotta Pasta 

Cook Time Total Time
10 mins 10 mins ok
5 from 2 votes Course: pasta Cuisine: ltalian  Servings: 4 servings Calories: 534kecal  Author: Emily Kemp
Ingredients
Cheese and pepper version & 15 oz short pasta (4 cups [ 400g) & 1 cup full fat ricotta (250g) e % cup freshly grated parmesan e 1 cup reserved pasta water (120ml) e Salt and pepper to season
To make lemon ricotta pasta * 15 oz short pasta (4 cups [ 400g) e 1 cup ricotta (250g) Zest of 1 lemon Y cup reserved pasta water (120ml) Salt and pepper to season
Instructions
Ricotta cheese and pepper version 1. Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil and cook your desired pasta shape until al dente making sure to reserve ¥z cup of pasta water.
2. Pass the ricotta through a sieve and add to a mixing bowl with parmesan, salt and a generous amount of cracked black pepper.
3. Drain the pasta once cooked then add it back to the pot. Add the ricotta mixture and stir until completely coated.
4. Add a splash of pasta water and stir again to loosen, the pasta sauce should be smooth and creamy, serve.
Lemon ricotta version 1. Follow the same instructions as above but replace the parmeasn with lemon zest and instead of a generous amount of black pepper just sprinkle in a small amount.
2. Drain the pasta once cooked then add it back to the pot. Add the ricotta mixture and stir until completely coated.
3. Add a splash of pasta water and stir again to loosen, the pasta sauce should be smooth and creamy, serve.
Notes
e Drain any excess liquid from the ricotta befare starting (! do this by letting the ricotta sit in a sieve for a couple of minutes letting any excess liquid drain off).
e You can use any pasta shape you like for this pasta sauce but | find a shorter pasta shape works best!
® |i's always a good idea to reserve more pasta water than you'll probably need (just in case). | reserve ¥z cup but you may not need all of it depending on the consistency of the ricotta.
e This pasta sauce is best served immediately as it'll thicken and lose it's creamy texture as it coals.
& This recipe won't freeze well but it's so quick and easy to make you don't need to.Serving suggestion: have as is 
52.25/ 4 servings
