Sweet and Sour Chicken 
Sweet and Sour chicken can be made at home.
® Course Main Course
® Cuisine Chinese
® Keyword Sweet and Sour Chicken .0 Prep Time 20 minutes
- Cook Time 15 minutes
e Total Time 35 minutes
“ Servings 6
EX Calories 555keal
@ Author Stephanie Manley Ingredients
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Sweet and Sour Sauce Ingredients 5 cups water
1 orange
1 lemon
2 or 3 slices fresh ginger
1 cup sugar
1/2 cup vinegar
1 cup ketchup
Red food coloring if desired
3 tablespoons cornstarch
3 tablespoons water
2 eggs divided use
1 pound chicken breasts
1/4 teaspoon white pepper
1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic 1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons rice cooking wine 4 tablespoons cornstarch divided use 2 1/4 cups self rising flour
1/4 teaspoon white pepper
1/4 teaspoon granulated garlic 1/4 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 cups water
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
Instructions
Sauce Directions Sweet and Sour Sauce Directions Wash the orange and the lemon well. Slice the fruit and sliced ginger and place intc a medium pot along with 5 cups of water. Bring the pot to a bail, and then
simmer for 30 minutes.
Aok ok
4.8 from 5 votes
Drain water with a sieve, press the fruit into the sieve, you want to get all of the water released. Place water into a pot and add 1 cup sugar, 1/2 cup vinegar, and 1 cup ketchup mix until well blended with a whisk. Heat the sauce over medium-high heat. Combine 3 tablespoons cornstarch and three tablespoons water in a small bowl. Slowly stream the liguid into the sauce
stirring constantly. The sauce will thicken.
When the sauce thickens, remove from heat. Store unused sauce in an air tight container.
Chicken Directions In a medium-sized bowl add 1 egg. Scramble egg with a fork. Cut chicken into small bite-sized pieces. Add chicken to the beaten egg. Add 1/4 teaspoon white pepper, 1/2 teaspoon granulated garlic, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 2 tablespoons rice cooking wine, 2 tablespoons of cornstarch. Stir to
cambine. The batter will look a mess.becomes a light brown. Remove chicken for about 1 minute, and then place chicken back in and fry for about an additional minute. Frying the chicken twice will make chicken extra crispy. Drain chicken on a wire wrack. Serve chicken with sweet and sour sauce. 


Serving suggestion: serve with rice
$2.50/6 servings
